Testing Universal Links (ios) (#6)
jeel38/owasp-mastg: tests-beta/ios/MASVS-PLATFORM/MASTG-TEST-0x70-1.md

---
platform: ios
title: References to Wildcard in the Associated Domains Entitlement
id: MASTG-TEST-0070-1
type: [static]
weakness: MASWE-0083
profiles: [L1, L2]
best-practices: [MASTG-BEST-0x70-1]
knowledge: [MASTG-KNOW-0080]
---

## Overview

> Universal Links require the application to explicitly declare which domains it is authorized to open. This is configured in the app's entitlements using the [`com.apple.developer.associated-domains`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/entitlements/com_apple_developer_associated-domains) key. If a developer uses a wildcard (e.g., `*.example.com`) or includes an untrusted third-party domain, it significantly expands the attack surface. An attacker who compromises a forgotten or unsecured subdomain can intercept Universal Links intended for this application, leading to unauthorized actions or data leakage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the app's [`com.apple.developer.associated-domains`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/entitlements/com_apple_developer_associated-domains) entitlement includes a wildcard (e.g., `*.example.com`) or an untrusted third-party domain, an attacker who compromises a forgotten or unsecured subdomain can serve a fraudulent Apple App Site Association (AASA) file and intercept Universal Links intended for this app. This can lead to unauthorized actions or sensitive data leakage. This test checks whether the associated domains entitlement is scoped to only explicitly trusted domains fully under the organization's control.
```

## Steps

1. Unzip the app package and locate the main app binary (@MASTG-TECH-0058).

> 2. Extract the entitlements from the binary's code signature to view the configured capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Extract the app package contents using @MASTG-TECH-0058 and locate the `entitlements.plist` file at `Payload/<appname>.app/entitlements.plist`.
2.  Convert the `entitlements.plist` to a readable format using @MASTG-TECH-0x70-1.
```
